According to the Web Content 
Accessibility Guidelines 2.1, these need 
to be our priorities in regards to 
creating an accessible mapping app.

1. All images and the map itself must 
have descriptive alternative text. 
(Success Criterion 1.1.1).  We may need 
to see if the Google Places API can 
export a list of searched locations for 
bathrooms in an alternative format for 
screen readers.


2. Need to make web and form navigation 
as intuituve as possible (Success 
Characteristic 1.3.1).  Forms and pages 
with text need to have headings at 
appropriate levels.

3. Have text alternatives for icons.  
Success Characteristic 1.3.3.

4. Appropriate use of color.  Users 
cannot rely solely on color to do what 
they need to do.  Success characteristic 
1.4.1.

5. Site must be keyboard-operable.  
Success Criteria 2.1.1 (make it so you 
can tab through menus and forms).

6. Bypass blocks.  Avoid forcing 
screenreaders to repeat lengthy portions 
of webpage (like menus) over and over 
unless needed (Success Criteria 2.4.1).

7. Pages need titles (2.4.2)

8. Links need contextual hypertext 
(2.4.4).

9. Page language must be declared as 
English.  3.1.1

10. Error Identification.  Input errors 
need to be described where they occur in 
text.  3.3.1

11.  Instructions required when user 
input is required. 3.3.2.

Full methodology and implementation 
guide: 
https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/quickref/

A quick video explaining these: 
https://rootedinrights.org/video/error-404/


 
