colors-info.txt
Provides a list of suggested color 
schemes for our app
Madeline Bright
Version 1, created 3:38 5/12/2019

These are color schemes from 
award-winning websites listed here 
https://visme.co/blog/website-color-schemes/.

Each color scheme has a note explaining 
its use and I will list the ones I 
recommend for our app below and a reason 
why.

#4.  Cool and Fresh.  It is clean and 
refreshing, the way a user will want a 
restroom to be.  It is also very 
calming-looking and reminiscent of 
water.  The color blue is known to have 
this effect, as I've found in research 
for previous design projects.

#5 Audactious and Vibrant.  Again, uses 
those blue colors.  However, the coral 
also draws the user's eyes to certain 
locations on the screen and conveys a 
sense of urgency.

#10 Contemporary and Bold.  Associated 
with luxury and also minimalism 
according to the website, which are 
features a user may want in a restroom.

#15 Elegant Yet Approchable.  
Conservative but with elements that 
pop--may work for a more neutral-looking 
design scheme, or if we want the rest of 
the app to match the google maps colors.

#17 Innovative and Audacious.  Uses a 
darker color as the background, which 
market research says users prefer and 
also very eye-catching with different 
colors that we can use to represent 
different things.

#19 Minimal Yet Warm.  Another option 
for a more conservative site with 
eye-popping color.

#21 Clean and Energetic.  Meant to 
evoke peace and positive emotions, and 
we want to make sure users go into their 
bathroom experiences feeling 
comfortable.

#27 Gorgeous Contrast.  Greens are good 
for drawing the user's eye to elements 
people will want to interact with and 
will look good as the background for our 
logo.

#28 Effective Accent Colors.  Same as 
above, but with browns, purples, and 
yellow.

#30 Close to Nature.  Conveys stability 
and reliability, which are things people 
want in their toilets.

#37 Cheerful and Energetic.  We want 
people to be invested in going to one of 
the toilets on our app, so why not use a 
color scheme that shows that?

#40 Modern and Minimalist.  
Eye-catching.

#43 Eclectic and Peaceful.  Makes the 
user feel soothed and at-home, preparing 
them for a comfortable bathroom 
experience.

#44 Classy and Tradition.  Has a sense 
of both fun and serious.

#46 Corporate and Serious.  Has a lot of 
blues and conveys stability and 
seriousness.

#48 Eye-Catching and Sleek.  Uses a lot 
of accent colors.

#50 Lively yet Soothing.  Conveys our 
energy as developers but also a soothing 
feeling for the customers, making them 
feel like we're responding to their 
needs.
